add docs and tutorial (#8)
JonJala/mama: tutorial/README.md

## Introduction 

> This brief, self-contained tutorial will walk the user through an end-to-end run of `mama`. We encourage new users to consult this document prior to using the package on their own data.

Reviewer: Are the data files you are including here from 1000G or did you mock them up yourself?  We should probably specify a little about that.

## MAMA Specification 

In the within-ancestry case, `mama` estimates the coefficients of the following equation:

<img src="https://latex.codecogs.com/svg.image?\hat{\beta}^2_{p,j}&space;=&space;\gamma_{\ell,&space;pp}\ell_{pp,j}&space;&plus;&space;\gamma_{f,pp}&space;&plus;&space;\gamma_{\xi,p}S_{p,j}" title="\hat{\beta}^2_{p,j} = \gamma_{\ell, pp}\ell_{pp,j} + \gamma_{f,pp} + \gamma_{\xi,p}S_{p,j}" />

In the cross-ancestry case, `mama` estimates the coefficients of the following equation:

<img src="https://latex.codecogs.com/svg.image?\hat{\beta}{p,j}\hat{\beta}{q,j}&space;=&space;\gamma_{\ell,pq}\ell_{pq,j}&space;&plus;&space;\gamma_{f,pq}" title="\hat{\beta}{p,j}\hat{\beta}{q,j} = \gamma_{\ell,pq}\ell_{pq,j} + \gamma_{f,pq}" />

> See the Supplementary Note for more details. Some aspects of this specifiction can be modified from the command line. Commands to modify the coefficients on the LD scores begin with `--reg-ld-XXX`. Commands to modify the coefficients on the standard errors begin with `--reg-se2-XXX`. Commands to modify the coefficients on the intercept begin with `--reg-ld-XXX`. For example, in the paper, we set the genetic correlation between ancestries to 1 by calling `--reg-ld-set-corr 1`. Because the standard errors across SNPs will oftentimes be approximately colinear with the intercept, we recommend setting either the standard error coefficient or the intercept to 0. In the paper, we set the  intercept to zero with `--reg-int-zero`. Note that the regressions can be estimated in standardized gentoype units with `--use-standardized-units` (input and output will always be in allele counts, but the meta-analysis itself can be done in standardized genotype units.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the Supplementary Note for more details. Some aspects of this specification can be modified from the command line. Commands to modify the coefficients on the LD scores are of the form `--reg-ld-XXX`. Commands to modify the coefficients on the standard errors are of the form `--reg-se2-XXX`. Commands to modify the coefficients on the intercept are of the form `--reg-int-XXX`. For example, in the paper, we set the genetic correlation between ancestries to 1 by calling `--reg-ld-set-corr 1`. Because the standard errors across SNPs will oftentimes be approximately collinear with the intercept, we recommend setting either the standard error coefficient or the intercept to 0. In the paper, we set the  intercept to zero with `--reg-int-zero`. Note that the regressions can be estimated in standardized genotype units with `--use-standardized-units` (input and output will always be in allele counts, but the meta-analysis itself can be done in standardized genotype units.)

```
